Add recommended deployment options to deployment docs (#10866)
dask/dask: docs/source/deploying-cloud.rst

        that pulls down the :doc:`Dask Docker image <deploying-docker>` and runs Dask components within that container.
        As with all cluster managers the VM resources, Docker image, etc are all configurable.

        You can then connect a client and work with the cluster as if it were on your local machine.

        .. code-block:: python

            >>> client = cluster.get_client()

Data Access
-----------

In addition to deploying Dask clusters on the cloud, most cloud users will also want
to access cloud-hosted data on their respective cloud provider.

We recommend installing additional libraries (listed below) for easy data access on your cloud provider.
See :doc:`how-to/connect-to-remote-data` for more information.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: AWS

    Use `s3fs <https://s3fs.readthedocs.io/>`_ for accessing data on Amazon's S3.

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip install s3fs

   .. tab-item:: GCP

    Use `gcsfs <https://gcsfs.readthedocs.io/>`_ for accessing data on Google's GCS.

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip install gcsfs

   .. tab-item:: Azure

>     Use `adlfs <https://github.com/dask/adlfs/>`_ for for accessing data on Microsoft's ADL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use `adlfs <https://github.com/dask/adlfs/>`_ for accessing data on Microsoft's Data Lake or Blob Storage.
```
